Shar-teel banter #1
Shar-teel: You fought well during our last battle.
Aribeth: Thank you? You also fought well.
Shar-teel: It is good to finally have a capable woman, such as yourself, at my side.
Aribeth: ahh yes, that's right. You hold men in contempt, don't you.
Shar-teel: I have never once found a man worthy of my respect. Bedroom recreation and manual labor. That's all that they are good for!
Aribeth: Yet you travel and adventure with men?
Shar-teel: A farmer uses oxen to plow fields. A caravan uses horses to pull wagons. One can make use of a beast of burden without acknowledging them
	as an equal.
Aribeth: Don't you ever yearn for companionship? Something deeper than just a few nights of pleasure under the sheets?
Shar-teel: Hah! As if I'd ever let myself become some man's property in that way.
Aribeth: I see. You truly do not understand.
Shar-teel: What don't I understand?
Aribeth: It's nothing that anyone can explain, you'll have to discover my meaning for yourself.

Shar-teel banter #2
Shar-teel: I thought that you were someone I could respect!
Aribeth: What?!?
Shar-teel: I thought you a warrior, like myself, but I see now that I was wrong.
Aribeth: Yes, Shar-teel, you are wrong. You are no warrior.
Shar-teel: How dare you insult me like that!!
Aribeth: It is no insult, but a statement of fact. You seek to challenge every man that you encounter, not because you want to find someone worthy,
	but because you want to best every man to justify your own sense of superiority for that is how you measure your self-worth.
Shar-teel: I seek to test myself in battle!
Aribeth: No, seek nothing more than a good fight and a brutal victory. You are at best just a brawler, at worst, a killer. I do hope that you find
	someone who can defeat you, someday. For until that time, you will continue to be alone.
Shar-teel: Better to be alone than be with someone who makes you weak!
Aribeth: That is just the response that I expected from you Shar-teel.

Tiax banter #1
Tiax: Bow before Tiax, wench!
Aribeth: Why <CHARNAME> allows a madman such as you in our company still eludes me.
Tiax: You forget yourself! It is not <CHARNAME> who allows me to remain, it is I who allows <CHARNAME> to travel in my company!
Aribeth: Of course. How could I forget.
Tiax: The great Tiax saw you roll your eyes. Such mockery will be punished once Tiax takes his place as ruler of the world.
Aribeth: Are we truly so desperate for comrades that we must suffer your company, madman?
Tiax: Silence! Tiax rules all!

Tiax banter #2
Tiax: All hail Tiax! The Great Tiax will now...
Aribeth: SHUT UP! I will put up with your inane babble no longer!
Tiax: How dare you! Guards! Deal with this disrespectful wench! I... OUCH!
Aribeth: Do you want another one!
Tiax: How dare you strike Tiax the Magnific...... OUCH!
Aribeth: Had enough yet?
Tiax: What! Why do you continue to strike me? This will not.... OUCH!!
Aribeth: Well?
Tiax: Ummm... I....err. Ahem. Being a merciful overlord, The Great Tiax will forgive your transgression. Now, if you excuse me, I am urgently
	needed.... um... over there.

Branwen banter #1
Aribeth: Do you miss the North, Branwen?
Branwen: Aye. The Southern lands have their charms, but nothing compares to the cold beauty of the North. But you are from the North too, do you
	miss it?
Aribeth: Yes and no. I grew up in the North and had many experiences there, but many of them were... not pleasant. Too many memories there.
Branwen: I understand.
Aribeth: I'm surprised that you do not share more of my outlook. Given the way that you were treated, practically forced out of your homeland.
Branwen: While I do bear resentment toward those who would not accept me, the place is not it's people. I can still hold the good memories of
	home apart from the bad experiences.
Aribeth: Would that I had your strength, Branwen.

Branwen banter #2
Aribeth: Branwen?
Branwen: Yes, Aribeth?
Aribeth: Why do you strive so to be recognized as a true priest of Tempus?
Branwen: Forgive me Aribeth. For I do not understand your question? Why would I not?
Aribeth: You are already a cleric of Tempus. He obviously recognizes you as a priestess, else you'd not be granted spells and priestly magics.
	You have more strength and power then most of the priests that I've ever met. Why does being granted a title from some calcified old
	men mean so much to you?
Branwen: ..... I... find myself reluctant to answer.
Aribeth: I'm sorry. I had to right to ask.
Branwen: No, it's ok. I'd like to say that it is about forcing them to admit that their perception of the faith is wrong and I wanted to drag 
	them into a new way of thinking.
Aribeth: But?
Branwen: But that is only part of the answer. In truth, I also want them to acknowledge me, so as to quiet the voice within my own head
	that tells me that I am unworthy.
Aribeth: Why would yo think that?
Branwen: Because. I should be dead!
Aribeth: Dead?
Branwen: Specifically, I should still be a statue, standing in a field on the outskirts of Nashkel. An afterthought, a curiosity, a pigeon
	droppings collector.
Aribeth: Hmmph!
Branwen: I would still be there had not <CHARNAME> freed me from that fate. I was given a second chance through nothing but dumb luck. I had
	no part to play in my own salvation and were it not for <CHARNAME>'s kindness, my tale would be ended. If I couldn't even ave myself,
	what right have I to consider myself a priest of Tempus?
Aribeth: I believe that you judge yourself too harshly.
Branwen: Do I?
Aribeth: Yes. I say this as a being who also needed someone to save her. Sometimes the trials before us are not meant to be overcome on ones
	own. There are times when the lesson being learned is when to ask for and more importantly, accept help.
Branwen: Could this be one of those lessons?
Aribeth: It's possible. But tell me, what did you do after you were restored? 
Branwen: <CHARNAME> and I tracked down the one responsible for turning me to stone and we killed him.
Aribeth: So, in the end, you prevailed?
Branwen: Yes.
Aribeth: Then you lost a battle, but ultimately won the war?
Branwen: You could look at it that way.
Aribeth: It sounds like a victory to me. Why again are you concerned about being seen as unworthy?
Branwen: It seems that I may have been worried over nothing. Thank you, Aribeth>
Aribeth: Anytime.

Kivan Banter #1
Aribeth: Why do you look at me so, Kivan? It.. unnerves me.
Kivan: I am unsure as what to make of you.
Aribeth: What do you mean?
Kivan: Upon first meeting, I'd taken you to be a disciple of vengeance, such as myself. However, I am not now so sure.
Aribeth: I am NOT a disciple of revenge!
Kivan: Are you not? In your youth, did you not destroy a tribe of orc to avenge your slain family. Did you not lead a crusade against Neverwinter
	in response to the execution of your lover?
Aribeth: I..... I have moved on from that.
Kivan: If you say as such.

Kivan banter #2
Aribeth: Kivan.
Kivan: Yes.
Aribeth: I have... been considering your words.
Kivan: And?
Aribeth: And, perhaps you were correct. Perhaps the vengeful nature that once dwelt within my soul has not fully be exorcised.
Kivan: So, you are still somewhat like me?
Aribeth: No! For I am still attempting to rid myself of these impulses. An I wish you to do the same.
Kivan: For what reason?
Aribeth: The rage that you feel will destroy  you someday.
Kivan: As long as it is one day longer that Irenicus lives, I accept the cost.
Aribeth: I  hope that you find peace Kivan.
Kivan: I will, once Irenicus lays dead.



