Aerie banter

Aerie: Aribeth?
Aribeth: What is is Aerie, you look troubled?
Aerie: I'm frightened Aribeth.
Aribeth: Frightened? Of what?
Aerie: This! Life! The Future. All we do is fight! There is always something attacking us. We are always in danger! More and more powerful foes
	are pursuing us. I'm so tired Aribeth. I'm tired of being afraid all the time!
Aribeth: My dear. Perhaps you should consider parting company with us? Return to the circus or find yourself someplace quiet to settle?
Aerie: I... I couldn't do that.
Aribeth: But why? You don't owe us anything.
Aerie. No, your wrong. I do. Had I not me <CHARNAME> and all of you, I'd probably be dead, I know that I'd still be weak. Even though I'm afraid
	I have grown so much and it's thanks to all of you. Besides, I don't want to leave you. I want us all to be together, I just want us to
	be together and someplace safe.
Aribeth: I understand child. Someday you may get your wish.


Anomen banter

Aribeth: Helmite.
Anomen: Can I help you?
Aribeth: I wish to properly apologized.
Anomen: I don't understand?
Aribeth: I have been feeling guilty for some time now. Back when I unfairly scorned you for the errors of others of your faith and compared you with
	Desther. I never properly apologized for that.
Anomen: But, I believe that you did?
Aribeth: No. I was sorry for the way that I acted towards you, but I never lost my anger toward your faith. In fact, I always considered you a fool
	for clinging to the Helmite faith. I couldn't fathom why you would continue to embrace such a flawed faith.
Anomen: I had no idea that you felt that way.
Aribeth: It would make things awkward, would it not, had I openly espoused my disdain of your faith?
Anomen: Fair point.
Aribeth: That is why I want to apologize to you. Not for the way I have treated you, but for the contempt I felt toward your ideals. One can not
	call oneself a friend while holding those thoughts. So, I am sorry.
Anomen: Heh heh. Aribeth. You worry too much about the little things.
Aribeth: What?! I make a heartfelt apology and this is the response that you give.
Anomen: Aribeth. You are a stalwart companion. You've never let me down. You don't have to agree with me or my ideals and you don't have to
	concern yourself with my feelings. I thank you for your words, but they aren't necessary. There is enough in all of our pasts for which
	to feel guilty. This isn't worth it. Let's speak of something more pleasant. How about men's fashion?
Aribeth: I... you can be so bloody infuriating.
Anomen: Heh heh.

Cernd banter

Cernd: Lovely day, is it not?
Aribeth: I guess that it is pleasant enough?
Cernd: I must confess, that despite the dire nature of our present situation, it is nice to be spending time away from large towns and cities.
Aribeth: It can be nice, enjoying the wilderness. But I do admit to longing for a proper bed at times.
Cernd: Really. I would have thought that given your origins, that you welcome a return to the simplicity of nature.
Aribeth: As I said. I do appreciate being out of doors for a time. But I have moved on and I prefer a bed of feathers and a warm fire over
	sleeping on a pile of grass in the underbrush. But if you have missed communing with nature so much, why stay with us?
Cernd: Simple. Supporting <CHARNAME> seem to be the least destructive path. Unchecked, the other Bhaalspawn will ravage the land with their
	wars. They must be stopped and <CHARNAME> is our best hope to do so.
Aribeth: Spoken as one who exists within the simplicity of nature.


Dorn banter (Aribeth and Dorn can only be present together if Aribeth becomes a blackguard)

Dorn: Sister. A moment of your time.
Aribeth: Why are you speaking to me orc! And what are you doing, referring to me as Sister?
Dorn: We are now the same, both in service to dark patrons.
Aribeth: We may serve masters that share characteristics, but the similarities between us end there.
Dorn: You still refuse to admit that you and I are more alike than we are different?
Aribeth: For the last time, ORC. We are not the same. Stay away from me before I decide that it is easier to just kill you.
Dorn: Exactly how I would have answered. Very good.


Edwin banter

Edwin: Do not stand so close to me, your odious presence is.... oh, ah, Lady Aribeth. My apologies. I was unaware that it was you.
Aribeth: I'd be more careful in the future Edwin, but I will forgive you, for now.
Edwin: uhh...err...my thanks.
Aribeth: I will admit to being most impressed with your behavior lately.
Edwin: Well, umm.. of course. Once I realized how... ehhh. disrespectful I had become, I took steps to rectify this.
Aribeth: Good. Glad to hear it.
Edwin: (Yes, that's right. Drink in my honeyed words and let down your guard for one day, I will strike.)
Aribeth: Did you say something Edwin?
Edwin: No..ummm. of course not.
Aribeth: Good. Very good.


Haer'Dalis banter

Haer'Dalis: My....
Aribeth: Haer'Dalis, if you were about to refer to me as your "Phoenix" one more time, I swear that I will send a length of steel
	into your vitals!
Haer'Dalis: My pho.... I uhh.... mean Aribeth... Lady Aribeth. For what reason do I deserve such a hostile reaction.
Aribeth: Because, Haer'Dalis, I am tired of this. You are a capable enough comrade but I am sick of this wounded bird, tortured
	artist act which you persist in playing. It is NOT cute, it is NOT amusing, and it is certainly NOT charming!!!
Haer'Dalis: I meant no...
Aribeth: No! You do not get to stand there and say this you meant nothing by it when you both know the truth. This is not just some
	harmless affectation that you picked up. It is a deliberate mannerism that you use to disarm people and charm women. If it 
	works for you, then fine, but I've told you before that I do not find it endearing. I am becoming tired of it and yourself as well!
Haer'Dalis: I...see.
Aribeth: You don't face rejection much, do you.
Haer'Dalis: I can't say that I do.
Aribeth: Well, then I hope that you find this experience to be a useful life lesson. If you wish to go forward from this, you will agree
	to regard me as a comrade, NOT a target for a potential romantic fling, nor some besotted fan upon whom you can practice your
	charms. Agreed? Otherwise, you may be gone.
Haer'Dalis: Sigh. I agree to your conditions Lady Aribeth and I apologize for my conduct.
Aribeth: Accepted, now let us put this behind us.


Hexxat banter (Aribeth and Hexxat can only be present together if Aribeth becomes a blackguard)

Hexxat: You once asked if I regretted becoming a vampire. I never answered you. Do you still wish to know?
Aribeth: Not as much as I once did, but I'll listen if you wish to answer.
Hexxat: I do. I wasn't given a choice and I've made the best life..or unlife, for myself as I could, but I
	do mourn the life that I could have had. The relationships, the experiences, the warmth.
Aribeth: I won't pretend to have lost as much as you, but I believe that, in a small part, I understand you.
Hexxat: Hmmm. Perhaps in some way, you do.
Aribeth: I won't insult you be telling you how sorry I feel for you or asking if there is any way to help.
Hexxat: Much appreciated.


Imoen banter

Imoen: Aribeth, I need to talk to you.
Aribeth: Imoen? You don't usually look serious like this, what's wrong?
Imoen: I need to ask you a favor.
Aribeth: What kind of favor?
Imoen: I'm scared Aribeth. I'm changing, I can feel it.
Aribeth: We've all changed, no one completes a journey such as the one we are on without changing.
Imoen: No, I don't mean it like that. I mean changing like <CHARNAME>! I'd hoped that it wouldn't happen, but I
	feel it. It just took longer, I guess.
Aribeth: Are you sure?
Imoen: Yes. I've been having terrible dreams, filled with violence and death. I feel something within, trying to come to the
	surface. I fight it, but I don't know if I can do so forever.
Aribeth: Have you talked to <CHARNAME> about this?
Imoen: It's <CHARNAME> that I want to discuss.
Aribeth: Excuse me?
Imoen: If, I can't control it and something happens to me, please, look after <CHARNAME>.
Aribeth: What?
Imoen: I've decided that if I feel that I may become a danger to <CHARNAME>, I'm going to leave. If that happens, I'll need you to look
	after....
Imoen: OUCH! Why'd you hit me!!!
Aribeth: Do you need me to do it again?
Imoen: I didn't need it the first time.
Aribeth: I disagree. The Imoen standing before me would never indulge herself with such loser talk.
Imoen: Loser talk?
Aribeth: Yes. Asking me to look out for <CHARNAME> after you are gone sounds like something that one would say after they've given up.
Imoen: It's not like that. I just want to be ready in case.....
Imoen: WAIT! DON'T HIT ME AGAIN!!
Aribeth: Are you finished then? I don't ever want to hear you speak like this. You aren't going to plan for the worst case, you are
	going to steel your resolve and vow to win, no matter what. There will be no need for you to go anywhere, because we will win!
Imoen: I.... ok. I'm sorry. I won't bring it up again.
Aribeth: Because we will prevail and everything will be roses, right?!
Imoen: Roses?
Aribeth: RIGHT!
Imoen: Right.
Aribeth: RIGHT!!
Imoen: Yeah! I mean, RIGHT, jeez.
Aribeth: Good, let us be on our way.


Jaheira banter

Aribeth: Jaheira. You dropped this.
Jaheira: Oh, thank you. I'd have hated to have lost this.
Aribeth: What is it?
Jaheira: Just a trinket. <CHARNAME> gave this to me some time back.
Aribeth: It's important to hold onto the things that remind us about people who matter to us, isn't it.
Jaheira: Yes, for sometimes, that is all that we have of them.
Aribeth: Do you have any keepsakes from your husband?
Jaheira: No, no longer. Everything that I had was taken when we were captured by Irenicus. Now, all that I have of him are the memories that
	I carry. But it is alright. I know that Khalid would be happy that I travel with <CHARNAME>, and that is enough.
Aribeth: I feel the same way. I think that Fenthick would be pleased that I'd found new friends and am trying to live again.
Jaheira: That is the best thing to do, I think. Honor the dead and remember them, but don't carry them with us.


Jan banter

Jan: Aribeth, DUCK!
Aribeth: What! What is happening!
Jan: No time, we only have... oh, hmmmm. It didn't do anything after all. Oh well, false alarm.
Aribeth: JANSEN! What in the Hells! Are you meddling with explosives again!
Jan: No! no no no no. Not again. For again would imply that I stopped at one point.
Aribeth: What! So that time that you almost blew us up and I demanded that you quit this explosives research and you said that you had...
Jan: Well, obviously I was lying.
Aribeth: And you just admit it so casually?
Jan: Well, I knew that sooner or later I'd create something so powerful and useful that you'd realize that asking me to stop was a foolish idea
Aribeth: And have you created something like that?
Jan: Ummm, not yet.
Aribeth: So telling me all of this...
Jan: May not have been the wisest course of action.
Aribeth: Indeed it was NOT. Come here gnome!
Jan: Ahhh... please excuse me, gotta go!


Keldorn banter (Aribeth and Keldorn can only be present together if Aribeth becomes a paladin)

Keldorn: Crusader Aribeth!
Aribeth: Why the formal address SIR Firecam?
Keldorn: I feel that it is now time to make a request of you.
Aribeth: A request?
Keldorn: Yes. As soon as this current situation is resolved, I would like to return home with me so that I might name you as my heir.
Aribeth: Forgive me Keldorn, but do you not already have a wife and children?
Keldorn: Yes, and they will inherit my lands and titles, but I have no squire nor apprentice within the Order. Just as one has children
	to carry on their family line, within the Order of the Radiant Heart, senior paladins often sponsor younger members. In this way
	one may pass down their equipment and experience to the next generation.
Aribeth: And you want me to become your heir?
Keldorn: Yes. Though we had a ragged beginning to our relationship, you have atoned and proved yourself worthy.
Aribeth: I thank you Keldorn. But I must decline.
Keldorn: May I ask why?
Aribeth: It doesn't feel right to do so. I have no intention on joining any holy order, nor would I fit in with one had I the intent. Go home
	and teach your children about your order or find a squire and train him to be the paladin that you wish him to be. But I am not
	the one.
Keldorn: You say this knowing the prestige that my name would bring?
Aribeth: Prestige that i do not need nor want.
Keldorn: Very well. A pity though, you'd have made a worthy addition to the Order.
Aribeth: That makes one of us who feels as such.


Korgan banter

Korgan: Ack!!! It's a grand time to be alive, ain't it lassie!
Aribeth: Being alive is generally o good thing, however, I feel that you have a different meaning in mind.
Korgan: Aye! Joining up with ye all was a stroke o' brilliance on me part! With all the enemies ye got, it's been an endless parade o' bloody slaughter!
Aribeth: I should've know. For anyone else, this would be a problem, but not for you Korgan.
Korgan: Aye!
Aribeth: I can't trust you, can I Korgan. I once thought that your lust for battle stemmed from a love of fighting, but now I realize, it isn't
	combat that you love, but mayhem and murder.
Korgan: Aye. Took ye long enough. It's not like I made a secret of it either.
Aribeth: You aren't going to turn on us are you, Korgan?
Korgan: Nay lassie. At least, not yet. As long as ye can guarantee me plenty of chaos, I'll stand with ye all.
Aribeth: And when it eventually ends.
Korgan: Well, the ye best hope that I don't get bored. Heh heh.


Mazzy banter (Aribeth and Mazzy can only be present together if Aribeth remains a Fallen Paladin or becomes a paladin)

Mazzy: Lady Aribeth?
Aribeth: Sigh. Once again, Mazzy, it's just Aribeth. I have no noble titles, please drop the, Lady.
Mazzy: I apologize Lady Arib.... I mean, Aribeth. I just seem to fall back on that.
Aribeth: No matter. What can I do for you?
Mazzy: Finding love again, after losing someone dear to you. It's not a betrayal, right?
Aribeth: Hmmmm. It rather does feel like it, does it not? In some respect, it does seem like you should spend the remainder of your life alone,
	pining for the one you lost, remaining true to his memory and forsaking all others. Are you feeling something like that?
Mazzy: That is eerily accurate.
Aribeth: Remember to whom you are speaking. I carried Fenthick with me for so long after his death, I'm surprised that <CHARNAME> put up with it for so long.
Mazzy: But then you... let him go?
Aribeth: More or less. I realized that living in that way was no way to live, it was more like...existing. Besides, h wouldn't have wanted that, just like
	I wouldn't have wanted him to do so if our positions were reversed. So, no. It's not a betrayal. Remember the fallen fondly, but be open to new love.
Mazzy: I think... that I already knew that. I just wanted...
Aribeth: To hear someone else say it, too?
Mazzy: Yes.
Aribeth: Now that we have that cleared up, why do you ask? Have you your eye on someone? 
Mazzy: Ummm... No!
Aribeth: Are you positive? Has some strapping chap caught your fancy?
Mazzy: No! Leave me alone!
Aribeth: Ha! Very well little Knight. Keep your secrets and good luck to you.
Mazzy: It's not like that! aaaargh!


Minsc banter

Aribeth: Minsc, I feel that I must say something.
Minsc: Yes, pretty paladin?
Aribeth: Do you not feel that you are overly attached... and reliant upon that... rodent?
Minsc: You mean Boo?
Aribeth: I see no other rodent living amongst your clothing a possessions.
Minsc: But what does pretty Aribeth have against Boo?
Aribeth: I have nothing against him, I am merely concerned that your connection to... it may be unhealthy.
Minsc: Minsc does not understand?
Aribeth: Of course you don't. Sigh. Look Minsc, you talk to your hamster more than you do people. You ask it for advice before, or instead, of your party
	mates. You... sleep with that thing, for Gods sake.
Minsc: And?
Aribeth: And? What do YOU mean?
Minsc: Minsc is waiting for Aribeth to tell him the problem?
Aribeth: Oh my.... Of all the....
Minsc: Is pretty Aribeth feeling ok? Minsc is no healer, but Boo may know what is wrong. I will ask him.
Aribeth: No! Never mind! Forget I said anything.


Nalia banter

Nalia: This is so tragic. The people of Saradush have suffered so greatly, caught up in a conflict of which they have no part.
Aribeth: Such is the fate of those in the path of war.
Nalia: I wish that there was some way to help them.
Aribeth: Why are you still with us young noble?
Nalia: Wha... what do you mean by that?
Aribeth: You, who deny her position to gallivant about the land with us lowborn scum adventurers, all the while telling yourself that you are doing so to
	help the common folk. Surely, by now, you have realized that you could be doing so much more for them by taking up your place as the head of your
	house and using your position as a noble to govern your lands well and advocate for more equitable treatment for the lower classes.
Nalia: That's not...
Aribeth: Yet you remain with us to satisfy your need to rebel against the station of your birth, but you tell yourself that it is to help the poor.
Nalia: No! You're wrong!
Aribeth: Am I? <CHARNAME> was able to defeat Isea Roenall, you no longer are bound to honor the agreement made by your father to marry him. Yet here you
	remain.
Nalia: But.....
Aribeth: You could have returned to your lands and claimed the mantle of rulership. If you truly needed to marry, you could find some empty headed younger
	son of some suitable family, someone who you could wrap around your finger and bend to your will. With a liable husband at your side, you could rule
	as you saw fit.
Nalia: But that wouldn’t fix anything! I may be able to improve the lives of my people, but what about everyone else?
Aribeth: What can you really do for them now?
Nalia: I can show them, commoners and nobles that it doesn't matter how you are born, everyone can stand as an equal!
Aribeth: Equal! How naive! No one is truly equal!
Nalia: That's not true!
Aribeth: Isn't it? Everyone is born with advantages or hindrances. It could be your class; noble or commoner. Some are born with astounding beauty, great intelligence,
	or aptitudes for various skills. Then others may be born with frail health, physical infirmities or dulled wits. I've seen people conquer terrible adversity
	and rise to greater heights than those blessed with every advantage. Sometimes due to hard work and talent, other times it is simply luck. No one is equal.
Nalia: No! I refuse to accept this!
Aribeth: Then live your life with your silken blindfold. For until you recognize how the world is, you will never create the change that you desire, and you will continue
	to annoy those around you with your self-satisfied moralizing.
Nalia: That's cruel.
Aribeth: You'd prefer that I just nod and agree with you like a sycophant, letting you spin your wheels and not accomplish anything? Or should i tell you what you
	need to hear?
Nalia: It still hurts.
Aribeth: The truth often does.


Neera banter

Aribeth: You're looking pensive today, Neera.
Neera: I'm fine, it's just, alot.
Aribeth: Do you mean the conflict with the Bhaalspawn?
Neera: Well, yes, but it's not just that, it's everything. My wild magic surges, the Order of the Eight Staves, everything. I've felt so lost.
Aribeth: Lost?
Neera: Yes. I had thought that traveling with you all had given me a sense of purpose, but then I realized that I was just following the course
	that you all had set. I'm not finding my own path and I don't know what to do.
Aribeth: I see, that's quite to vexing problem.
Neera: Any advice to offer?
Aribeth: Not directly, no. Remember to whom you speak. Do I seem as someone who is confident about her direction in life? My only ambition at
	present is to remain with <CHARNAME>.
Neera: I see.
Aribeth: That being said. I do have something that may help.
Neera: Really! What is it? I'll try almost anything!
Aribeth: There is a rumor common amongst those of the Many Starred Cloaks in Neverwinter. It was from one of their number that I heard of it.
Neera: Well!! What is it? C'mon, spill. Make with the wisdom!
Aribeth: It is said that if a member has a problem and is unable to find a resolution, they should go to a library, any library. They are to then
	choose a book at random, open it to any page and begin to read. Within that book, they will find the answer to the problem that burdens them.
Neera: Wait. That's it? That's the profound knowledge that you are laying on me?
Aribeth: I never said anything about it being profound. If that's the meaning that you took, then I suggest consulting a healer about your hearing problems.
	All that I offered was some advice. Feel free to take it or don't.
Neera: Ok, ok. I'm sorry. I'll think it over.
Aribeth: Do or do not. It's on you now, best of luck.


Rasaad banter

Aribeth: Rasaad?
Rasaad: Yes?
Aribeth: I wanted to offer my sympathies, regarding your brother.
Rasaad: I thank you, but Gamaz passed some time ago.
Aribeth: Yes, but you only recently were able to close the book on his death and avenge him. That type of thing can keep wounds such as this, fresh.
Rasaad: You are correct in that finally destroying Alorgoth had re-opened some old wounds. But whatever pain I felt at that was vastly overshadowed
	by my feelings of triumph at our victory.
Aribeth: Do you feel triumph? I embarked upon a crusade of vengeance and all I ever felt was empty.
Rasaad: Pardon my words. But could it be that in the depths of your heart, you knew that your quest was unjustified? That innocents were being
	harmed along with the guilty? Perhaps that affected you in some way.
Aribeth: I.... had not considered that.
Rasaad: I feel nothing but satisfaction, for I am absolute in my knowledge that Alorgoth was not only responsible for my brothers death, but the
	deaths of many others. His death also prevented the deaths of countless others. I am at peace with my choices.
Aribeth: Good. Finding peace can be difficult. I'm happy for you.


Sarevok banter #1

Sarevok: Aribeth!
Aribeth: I hope that you just forgot your manners and did not intend to address me in such an insolent tone!
Sarevok: I will address you as I choose. I take issue with your conduct!
Aribeth: MY conduct! Of what do you speak?
Sarevok: Your performance in battle has not been adequate. In our next combat, I expect you to step up and provide
	me with better front-line support.
Aribeth: I think that you forget your place. You are not the party leader, <CHARNAME> is in command.
Sarevok: Bah! I am the more capable warrior. <CHARNAME> may be the group leader, but in combat, my experience makes me the superior leader.
	You would do well to heed my commands.
Aribeth: Refresh my memory, but didn't your leadership result in the deaths of yourself and your followers back in Baldur's Gate?
Sarevok: That was one failure out of countless successes!
Aribeth: One failure is all that it takes, dead man.

Sarevok banter #2

Sarevok: This will not stand!
Aribeth: What is it now?
Sarevok: Once again, you ignored my direction during the order of battle!
Aribeth: Once again I must remind you, that you are in no position to give me, nor anyone else here, orders, dead man.
Sarevok: WHAT!?!
Aribeth: I believe that I spoke clearly enough to be heard, or is it that your addled mind is incapable of understanding my words?
Sarevok: You dare speak to me in that way?
Aribeth: Yes, I do? I've faced bullies and warriors far more formidable than you, dead man. You do not intimidate me and I know
	that you are not the strongest one here, that title belongs to <CHARNAME>, the one who defeated you. It is <CHARNAME> who
	I follow and <CHARNAME> alone to whom I obey. Do not forget that.
Sarevok: Bah! Do as you will, then. But see if my blade stands ready to defend you in the future.
Aribeth: As long as I have <CHARNAME>, I have no need of your sword, nor any others to defend me.


Sirine banter

Sirine: Sister Aribeth?
Aribeth: Sister? I'm not a follower of the Crying God, why do you address me in that way.
Sirine: I meant it, not as a title, but a form of address.
Aribeth: Ok, I'm now very confused?
Sirine: I didn't explain myself very well. What I mean to say is that... I regard you as a sister, not just a friend.
Aribeth: Thank you?..... But that doesn't clear up my prior confusion.
Sirine: Form the tie that you joined us, I have attempted to be there for you as a friend, confidant and guide. I have
	since realized that you do not need my help as a guide and in fact, despite the fact that on some matters, we do not see 
	eye to eye, I have learned more from you than you have from me.
Aribeth: I hadn't realized that you felt this way.
Sirene: It's quite all right. Because of this, I regard you more as a sister than simply a friend. As I have offered my
	support to you. I wanted to ask, may I lean on you if things become difficult?
Aribeth: Of course you may.
Sirene: I thank you, my sister.
Aribeth: You are welcome.... Sister.


Skie banter

Skie: Hey there Second Bestie, Got a minute?
Aribeth: What is it Skie?
Skie: How.... how do you do it... all of this?
Aribeth: All of what? Adventuring?
Skie: No, this! Being hunted. Fighting to survive. Always expecting to be attacked.
Aribeth: So.... adventuring?
Skie: NO! This isn't adventuring! Adventuring is supposed to be fun. You go out, do some great deeds, feel a sense of accomplishment and do it again tomorrow.
Aribeth: After your experiences, you can't view it so simplistically?
Skie: Sure, there is some risk and sometimes you end up being murdered and having your soul imprisoned in a magical dagger. But then you best friend in the whole world
	swoops in to save you. 
Aribeth: Yeah, sure, alright?
Skie: But this, this is not fun. It was great at first. <CHARNAME> and the rest of us, going on quests, it was exactly what I wanted.
Aribeth: But then things got too serious?
Skie: Yes!! I never wanted to have to save the world!
Aribeth: Unfortunately, Skie, we don't always get to choose our adventures. Sometimes they choose you. You can't either face the challenge or quit. Which is it?
Skie: What? Well, I'm not going to quit. <CHARNAME> would never manage without me, his bestie. You know what?
Aribeth: What?
Skie: I'm going to make sure that we win. Then, when all this is over, I'm going to take <CHARNAME> on a real adventure again! Nothing at all to do with saving the world.
	We'll find a dungeon, kill some monster, score some loot and be back at the inn in time for dinner and a good night's sleep. Just as it should be. You can come too!
Aribeth: Heh. I like that plan Skie. I'm in.


Valygar banter

Valygar: I wish that you'd not spoken to me.
Aribeth: What! What do you mean by that!
Valygar: Our conversation of days past, where you questioned my decision to allow my family line to end with me.
Aribeth: I apologize if anything that I said was out of line. I recognize that it was not my place to...
Valygar: It's not that.
Aribeth: Then what troubles you?
Valygar: Your words. They have sown much doubt within my mind. Before our conversation, I was resolute in my choice. I knew that I had made the right
	decision and was confident in that.
Aribeth: But now?
Valygar: Now I am not so certain. After meeting Lavok, I began to question some things which I thought I knew. This was not one of them, or so I
	thought.
Aribeth: Then we spoke.
Valygar: Yes. I told you that I'd consider your arguments, but in fact, I had no intention of doing so, until I found myself doing so.
Aribeth: And have you reached a decision?
Valygar: No. But I wanted to ask you a question, if I may.
Aribeth: All right.
Valygar: When you asked me about my decision to end my line. Were you simply seeking advice, or were you also attempting to change my mind as well?
Aribeth: Perhaps a little. I'd respect any choice that you made, but to decide as you did, due to fear of what could be. It made me sad, to see you
	without hope.
Valygar: I see. I have not yet changed my mind, and I may not, but I thank you for your concern.
Aribeth: My pleasure.


Viconia banter

Aribeth: A moment, Viconia.
Viconia: What is it! Why do you bother me now?
Aribeth: I want to know something.
Viconia: I have no interest in telling  you anything about myself.
Aribeth: You misunderstand. I don't want to know about you, I want to know about myself.
Viconia: What foolishness is this? How can your incessant sniveling questioning of me tell you anything about yourself?
Aribeth: You are drow, a race of beings so steeped in evil as to be legendary. However, you, yourself have suffered more than most at the hands of
	your people. You've been driven from your home, suffered the loss of your family, been betrayed multiple times and you still go on. Albeit
	with a warped and twisted worldview.
Viconia: What is your point?
Aribeth: If none of that had happened, would you still be as you are now? Had you remained and become a prominent member of your house, living a
	life of a noble drow, would you be any different? Or you you be the same twisted bitch that stands before me?
Viconia: Hah! Rest assured that while my trials have tempered the steel of my being, they did not define me, they made me stronger. I would be
	exactly the same as I am now.
Aribeth: Good.
Viconia: Why do you answer as such?
Aribeth: Because, I worry at times that my actions have stained my soul to the point of no return, despite the progress that I've made. But, if 
	someone such as you can weather all that you have and not let it drive you deeper into darkness, then I must believe that my experiences 
	will leave no lasting impact upon me.
Viconia: Bah. Cling to your hope then, but leave me be.
Aribeth: Thank you, Viconia.
