Helga banter #1 - SOA
Aribeth: Helga?
Helga: Yes, lass?
Aribeth: Did I hear correctly, that you have children?
Helga: Aye! I got me some ankle biters, grown now, though.
Aribeth: Do you miss them, when you travel?
Helga: Aye. But that be not what yer askin' isn't it?
Aribeth: What do you mean?
Helga: What you want to know is how I, a mother, could be out adventurin' and riskin' my life instead of bein' home with the wee ones?
Aribeth: Well, yes.
Helga: I could tell ye some tale about how I'm out here making the world a safer place for them. Or it could be that I need to earn a 
	livin' and provide for them and adventurin' is the most lucrative job that there be. Perhaps I'm seekin' someone who wronged me 
	and my kin, seekin justice for some crime committed. Would any of those answers satisfy? 
Helga: But the whole truth of the matter is just that I could never stay still for long. Sittin at home was never the life for me and were 
	I to try it, I'd be a shell of the woman that I am.
Aribeth: I see. I don't believe that I could ever leave my child as you have.
Helga: I be glad to hear it. I do miss the younguns', but were I to try and stay, I'd lose meself.
Helga: Ye have the makings of bein' a good mother someday. When that day comes, I do hope that ye'll be able to settle into a quiet life and
	enjoy your family without any regrets.
Aribeth: Thank you?
Helga: Think nuthin' of it, lass.


Helga banter #2 - SOA
Helga: Aribeth, lass?
Aribeth: Yes Helga, something I can do for you?
Helga: Before ye' took service with Neverwinter, did ye' adventure as part of a group?
Aribeth: No, after my home was destroyed, I spent my time alone, hunting orcs. Once I was shown the path of Tyr, I journeyed to Neverwinter.
	Traveling with you all is the first time that I've ever adventured as part of a group.
Helga: I thought as much.
Aribeth: Why do you ask. 
Helga: Just curious. It's one thing to work with others, but to be a part of an adventuring party, that is a unique
	experience. To fight, travel and live with others, to a point where they know you as well as you know yourself is a special
	type of bond.
Aribeth: What did you mean by your comment before?
Helga: When one is a part of an adnventurin' company long enough, you can tell by the way the carry themselves. You don't have that look yet.
Aribeth: Is that a problem?
Helga: No, it just means that you haven't yet learned to place your life in the hands of others with complete trust.
Aribeth: Do you have a point to this?
Helga: Just this. You may trust <CHARNAME>, but do you trust anyone else? If not, then no one will ever trust you.


Helga banter #1 - TOB
Helga: Aribeth?
Aribeth: What is it Helga?
Helga: How close have you and <CHARNAME> become?
Aribeth: I'm unsure as to why you consider that any of your business?
Helga: Have you considered what would happen id <CHARNAME> is forced to choose between you or saving the people that he has pledged to save?
Aribeth: What?
Helga: Are you prepared to face yourself if anyone dies because <CHARNAME> chooses you over them?
Aribeth: What kind of question is that?
Helga: An unpleasant one. But one that needs to be asked. You have been responsible for many death. Could you bear more?
Aribeth: I.. don't know. but I'm not leaving <CHARNAME>!
Helga: This is your choice, shortsighted, but your choice.
Aribeth: I've learned that one can't live their life worrying about what will be and once you've made a choice, it is yours, consequences and all.
Helga: Well, good luck then, but I believe that you should take steps to ensure that <CHARNAME> never need worry about such a choice. Sever your
	connection, before it is too late.
Aribeth: No!
Helga: I didn't expect you to heed my words, but now that they have been said, I have done my duty and my conscience is clear.


Recorder banter #1 - SOA
Recorder: Aribeth, a moment of your time, if I may?
Aribeth: What can I do for you?
Recorder: I'd like to record your story.
Aribeth: What!
Recorder: I'd like to chronicle the events of your life, from your origin to the time that you joined the party of <CHARNAME>.
Aribeth: Why would you do this?
Recorder: Because every story deserves to be told. The events of Never Winter are easily recounted, but I was hoping that you would tell me of
	your early days and the path that brought you to the service of Never Winter.
Aribeth: No, I don't think so.
Recorder: But why?
Aribeth: The Wailing Death and Luskan War were the darkest time in my life and I have no wish to revisit any of it. I can't stop you from
	writing a recounting of event, but I do not have to participate. Write your story without me.
Recorder: Very well, but remember, this is your story, not mine.


Recorder banter #2 - SOA
Aribeth: Recorder.
Recorder: Yes?
Aribeth: I feel that I owe you an apology, of sorts.
Recorder: Of sorts?
Aribeth: Yes. I still have no intention of participating in your chronicle, but I lashed out at you when you asked about my past. It was not
	pleasant and I resented you for prying as I did not want to think about it. However, I've heard something of your past and your pain.
	It was wrong of me to speak as I did. I sometimes overlook that other may have had experiences that mirror or even eclipse my own.
Recorder: Thank you for your words.
Aribeth: Yes, well. I too lost my family, not in the same manner as you, but I can relate to some of your hardship.
Recorder: I understand, but may I ask if knowing about my history causes you to see my work in a new light?
Aribeth: New light?
Recorder: Yes. A chronicle of ones life is not simply a story, but a testament, if you will. It serves as a marker, a reminder that you were
	here and you accomplished thing, impacted lives and left your mark on the world in some way.
Aribeth: I understand, but my decisions has not changed. I think that I'd rather be forgotten. Given the deeds which I have done, it may be
	best that most people not remember the name of Aribeth.
Recorder: You wish to be forgotten!
Aribeth: (Glances at <CHARNAME>) By most, not by all.


Recorder banter #1 - TOB
Aribeth: If I might ask? Your child. Do you often think of him?
Recorder: ..... Yes. I often question my choice. Why do you ask?
Aribeth: I've become interested in re-examining my decisions in life. Considering the paths not taken.
Recorder: For what reason?
Aribeth: When you expressed interest in my story, I began to think about my journey. I'm pleased to be here, with all of you, but the road was dark
	and painful. I find myself wondering if it would have been possible to arrive here without so much bloodshed, or....
Recorder: Or?
Aribeth: Or is the reason that I made it to this end, because of the things that I have done? Had I chosen a wiser course, was there any
	way to have arrived here?
Recorder: Be careful. Delving too deeply into this way of thinking can drive one mad. I've spent much time wallowing in despair, questioning my
	actions, asking if there was no other way, and indulging in 'what if’s".
Aribeth: I suspected as much, although I had hoped that you possessed some revelation that would grant me some measure of peace.
Recorder: I know nothing such as that. The best advice that I have to offer is to make your peace with your past as quickly as possible and then
	move on. Force yourself if need be. For questioning your decisions is fruitless and once you've gleaned all applicable lessons, serves
	no further purpose and can be unhealthy.
Aribeth: Hmmmm. Would you have followed such advice?
Recorder: No. Advice is like pain. Easy to give, but hard to take.
Aribeth: Then we seem to be sisters in suffering. Perhaps we should embrace the crying God?
Recorder: Hah! Thank you, no. I'd prefer to not endure any more than necessary and my burdens are heavy enough.
Aribeth: Well I thank you for listening to mine.
Recorder: Likewise.

Emily banter SOA #1
Aribeth: Emelia, a moment.
Emily: It's Emily, Aribeth. Only my father and retainers call me Amelia.
Aribeth: Very well, Emily.
Emily: Much better. What do you require?
Aribeth: I'd like to know how you remain so positive, with everything that you have upon your shoulders.
Emily: Such as?
Aribeth: The competition with your brother for your father's legacy. The responsibilities that await you should you triumph. The rumors regarding
	your mother. It is quite a burden, is it not?
Emily: To you it may seem as such, for me, it is merely something for which I've spent my life becoming accustomed. Regardless, things are as
	they are. Brooding will do nothing, save give one wrinkles and I can't bear the thought of this pretty face being marred as such.
Aribeth: HA! I hope that you retain this sunny disposition.
Emily: As do I dear, Aribeth. As do I.

Emily banter SOA #2
Aribeth: Emily?
Emily: Yes friend Aribeth?
Aribeth: Why are you here? Adventuring? It's dangerous, exhausting and uncomfortable. I can understand why some, such as <CHARNAME> who have a fire
	within are drawn to this life, but why you?
Emily: My father told me to go and find myself. I read stories of great adventures as a child and have always been drawn to the romance of the
	life.
Aribeth: I see, and have you found yourself?
Emily: I'm afraid that my search for Emily is still ongoing. But I am having a lot of fun while ding so.
Aribeth: Have you ever considered just walking away? Not going home, leaving Emilia the noble behind and becoming Emily the adventurer?
Emily: Often.
Aribeth: But?
Emily: But then I remember my duties and when I weigh the happiness that I would find by pursuing my dreams versus the guilt that I would feel
	at the suffering and disappointment that my desertion would cause, I find that I am no longer so happy after all.
Aribeth: So, have you decided what you will ultimately do?
Emily: For the moment, continue my quest to find the true Emily, make some good friends and have fun along the way.
Aribeth: Well, I must admit that that doesn't sound like a bad plan.
Emily: I thought that you might agree, friend Aribeth.

Emily banter TOB #1
Emily: So much suffering.
Aribeth: What's wrong Emily?
Emily: This is why I feared Thomas becoming my father's successor.
Aribeth: You believe that he would do such things?
Emily: No, worse. He is not evil, but he is foolish and easily led. He would be lulled into complacency and under his stewardship, chaos would seep into our lands and then... this.
Aribeth: Surely he would not simply allow it to happen?
Emily: No, but in his attempts to stop it, he would take whatever steps he felt necessary. He would never question his actions and it is a mindset such as this that has lead to
	some of the worst crimes ever committed, by men doing what they felt to be the right thing.
Aribeth: So have you decided what you must do?
Emily: I have, but it means that I must disappoint someone and I don't wish to do so.
Aribeth: So what will you do.
Emily: Enjoy the friends that I have made for as long as possible before I must make my choice known.
Aribeth: Then let us live for today, my friend.


Kale banter SOA #1
Aribeth: I'm sorry about your father.
Kale: Hmmm? Oh, well thank you, but you needed be. I'm not.
Aribeth: You don't miss him?
Kale: I never knew him, it's hard to miss someone who was never there.
Aribeth: You don't regret never having known him while growing up?
Kale: Never really thought about it. He wasn't around and being angry or sad about it wouldn't change anything, would it?
Aribeth: I suppose not.
Kale: Exactly. So what would be the point?
Aribeth: I guess that makes sense.
Kale: Of course it does. Halfling wisdom will never steer you wrong.
Aribeth: HA!

Kale banter SOA #2
Kale: Hrmmph!
Aribeth: Something troubles you, Kale?
Kale: My father's journal.
Aribeth: Care to explain?
Kale: I wish that I'd never let <CHARNAME> talk me into reading the blasted thing.
Aribeth: Why is that? I'm sure that <CHARNAME> felt that getting to know your father through his words might bring closure of sorts.
Kale: Well, if that was the intent, it failed.
Aribeth: How so?
Kale: Reading this gave me an insight into him. It was obvious that he was a flawed individual, but I had no idea just how flawed. I wish that I didn't know.
Aribeth: Is it really so bad?
Kale: Yes. At least when he was a mystery, there were some things that I could imagine, but now.....
Aribeth: I wish that there was something that I could do.
Kale: Ehh, no biggie. I'll complain for a few hours and then remember that I'm no better or worse off than before and I'll move on.
Aribeth: Once again, halfling wisdom does not disappoint.
Kale: In realizing that, you show almost equal wisdom. ALMOST equal.
Aribeth: HA! High praise indeed.

Kale banter TOB #1
Aribeth: Do you see yourself as a father someday Kyle?
Kyle: That came out of the blue, don't you think?
Aribeth: Perhaps. However, I've been contemplating the concept of family as of late.
Kyle: And?
Aribeth: My family was killed by orcs when I was young, but at least I was able to get to know them, especially my father, who taught me how to hunt and survive.
	But you never had that. I wonder if it is better to be in your position, for one can't miss what one has never had.
Kyle: No, it is not.
Aribeth: You sound quite certain.
Kyle: Yes, in this you can trust my judgment. Despite his flaws and mistakes, I would’ve like to have known my father, so do not ever assume that a child would be
	better off without a parent. Well, except for <CHARNAME>'s father. That is one paternal influence whose absence would be for the best.
Aribeth: Heh, you have a way of phrasing things, Kyle.

Vienxay banter SOA #1
Vienxay: Need you something?
Aribeth: No... I was simply curious and hoped that I might as a question of you?
Vienxay: I have no interest in satisfying your curiosity.
Aribeth: I wanted to what you did to ease the pain of your banishment?
Vienxay: I'm positive that I just said that I had no interest in answering any of your questions.
Aribeth: Yes, you did say that. However, I took a chance that upon hearing my question, you'd be interested enough to respond.
Vienxay: Ha! So you believe that I, a fellow exile will what? Feel sympathy for your plight? Do you expect us to forge a bond based upon our shared
	experience of being forced from our homeland? Trouble me not with your irritating inquiries.
Aribeth: Very well.

Vienxay banter SOA #2
Aribeth: Are you alright?
Vienxay: Again you trouble me!
Aribeth: I intend no trouble, I simply noticed that you seemed more morose than usual and I asked if you are ok.
Vienxay: I do not..... Sigh. I apologize for my outburst, I am fine. Do not trouble yourself with my concerns.
Aribeth: it's no trouble. Are you thinking of your homeland once again?
Vienxay: Once again? That would imply that I cease thinking of it.
Aribeth: Do you wish to talk?
Vienxay: No, I truly don't. Speaking of Evermeet only brings painful memories and provides no comfort.
Aribeth: Indeed? I have found that speaking of things such as this can prove cathartic.
Vienxay: That is because you have made a peace... of sorts with your banishment, yes? Tell me. Given your actions, do you consider your
	exile to be just? Have you accepted this to be your fate?
Aribeth: I suppose that the answer to your question would be, yes.
Vienxay: That is where the difference between us lies. I would have answered no to all of them. Thus, speaking of this is merely picking at
	open wounds.
Aribeth: I see. Then I'll not add anymore salt to them. However, I'll be here if you wish to speak further.

Vienxay banter TOB #1
Vienxay: Aribeth?
Aribeth: Yes?
Vienxay: I'll not entertain this discussion ever again, but, this once, I have something to ask of you.
Aribeth: Go on?
Vienxay: If there was a way.. a way for you to go home, even with what you've done, would you?
Aribeth: A difficult question. I've thought this myself and my answer has sometimes changed day by day.
Vienxay: What is you today answer then?
Aribeth: It hasn't changed for awhile, but the answer for the past few days has been no. I would not.
Vienxay: Why not? Is returning not something which would please you?
Aribeth: Yes, it would, but then I ask myself what would it do the the people of Neverwinter? My presence would only serve as a living
	reminder of all that has happened. I would not wish to live as an object of their scorn, nor a cause for any unhappiness.
Vienxay: I shouldn't be surprised that you'd come up with such an insipid response.
Aribeth: You were hoping that I'd give you a good reason to go back? Sorry, but that I can not do.
Vienxay: It's not the answer that I wanted, but it's the answer that I expected. Thank you.
Aribeth: If you need anything....
Vienxay: No, we'll never have this conversation again.



